[LDR] evals dashboard architecture; Project poster for evals dashboard (#4)
reichlab/decisions: decisions/2024-12-13-ldr-eval-dashboard-structure.md

# 2024-12-13 Evals Dashboard Underlying Architecture

## Context

We need to produce a dashboard for model evaluations for both the FluSight and
COVID forecast hubs. The first decision that we need to make is the question
about what technologies we can use to make the dashboard.

> We have made a promise that the dashboard would be available next year to both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made a promise that the dashboard would be available in early 2025 to both
```

2. Web app with server-side logic to render tables and/or figures, e.g. using
   Shiny or Streamlit
   - It would likely still make sense to set up scheduled end-of-round
     computation of scores to cache, as score computation can be too
     time-consuming to do on the fly in the context of an interactive app.
   - Streamlit serves ads and shiny.io servers are limited by the number of
     minutes website visitors use.
   - **Not chosen because this requires server-side logic that may not be
     compatible with a static site as the current hub dashboard project builds
     on.**
3. webR or similar: R running in the browser
   - This may work, but when we looked in June 2024 it wasn’t ready for
     prime-time yet.
   - https://shinylive.io/r/examples/ 
   - NOTE: Shifting to using webR from a javascript app at a later date would not
     require changing the rest of the dashboard structure as a static site.
   - **Not chosen because it is still undergoing active development and we may
     be able to switch to it later.**

## Status

proposed

## Consequences

 - We will be able to continue movement on this project

>  - The lab's "best" language is R, so this may create an additional dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Javascript is not a familiar language to many developers in the lab, so this choice creates an additional dependency
```
